Add design documents (#1)
cybozu-go/myso: docs/crd_object_storage.md

# ObjectStorage

`ObjectStorage` is a custom resource definition (CRD) that represents
the object storage for storing binlog and dump.

| Field        | Type                                        | Description                               |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `apiVersion` | string                                      | APIVersion.                               |
| `kind`       | string                                      | Kind.                                     |
| `metadata`   | [ObjectMeta]                                | Standard object's metadata.               |

> | `spec`       | [ObjectStorageSpec](#ObjectStorageStatus)   | Specification of desired state of binlog. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spec`       | [ObjectStorageSpec](#ObjectStorageStatus)   | Specification of the object storage. |
```

> | `status`     | [ObjectStorageStatus](#ObjectStorageStatus) | Most recently observed status of binlog.  |

Reviewer: garbage?

Reviewer 2: Removed.

Reviewer: > [ObjectStorageSpec](#ObjectStorageStatus)

Wrong link.
